a back box of integer chat is usually
done on forum 1 which is also known as
chat chit chat but it can also be done
on 2 & 3
and it can also be done in a continuous
way where you're dancing it on four and
one and two and three and take a look
for and one again two and three and
again 4 & 1 4 & 1 2 & 3 4 & 1 & 4 & 1 2
& 3 4 & 1 just as what we did with the
forward love them we're going to name
each step of the back lockstep it will
be step 1 step 2 and step 3
take a look step 1 step 2 step 3
step one of the back lock step step one
step one as you can see I'm stepping
onto the ball of the foot step one step
one it's really important that you step
exactly on the ball of the foot but more
specifically on the bone of the ball of
the foot and that you really press it
into the floor
very very strongly and I always say both
the foot should be the highest possible
ball of the foot and that means the
highest that you can lift your heel up
without lifting the bone of the ball of
the foot off the floor so like this with
the bone of the ball still pushing into
the floor with the hew going as high as
possible the reason for this is this
sort of placement makes you foot the
strong is possible and you always want
strength strong feet to go up again step
one step one highest possible ball of
the foot without raising the bone of the
ball of the foot step one another very
important point in the first step of the
backlog step is how straight your knee
should be it should be extremely
straight hyperextend and as possible you
can do a little test and to see if
rocking from one foot to the other if
you're solid
then it's strong enough your knees
strong enough and the ball of the foot
is fine them also as always your heel
should be pushing inwards in all steps
and toes slightly out this means that
your step is not going to be done this
way with your heel facing up your heel
should definitely be facing in and not
only are you on the ball of the foot but
you are on the inside
edge of the ball of the foot so try not
to be on the outside edge of the ball of
the foot because this will throw your
balance but push on the inside edge of
the ball of the foot and one last point
as always I would like all walks to be
done in one line whether you're going
backwards or forward this means that
this first step of the back lock step is
going to be on the same track as your
front foot step one step one step of the
most common mistakes that I see in the
back log are step one being done not in
the same track as the standing foot like
this or step one over cross them into
another truck which is also wrong you
want the foot to be hidden from your
view if your looking into the mirror so
definitely stepping in that one track
another mistake that I often see is the
answer is going on the outside edge of
the bowl of the foot which makes them
quite weak and not strong and then for
our balance so you should definitely be
pushing it to the inside edge of the
ball of the foot another mistake that I
often see is dancers not pushing the
bone of the ball of the foot into the
floor but stepping on their toes like
this this is not going to hold you it's
not going to help you with balance so
this is not good instead you want this
onto the bottom of the ball of the foot
on inside edge aligned with the front
foot another mistake that I see is
dancers stepping onto the bone of the
ball of the foot but not losing their
heel to the highest possible like this
this is also a weak foot your foot is
really the strongest if it's on the ball
of the foot when the heel is the highest
possible so definitely make sure to be
stepping on to the highest possible ball
of the foot with the bore of the ball of
the foot still pushing into the floor
step two of the back lock step is
getting into the cubic cross position so
you get into the cube across and the
back lock step from step one you will be
pushing from your front foot and bring
it into a cross so as the name suggests
cube across you cross your feet so in a
normal regular walk whether it's back or
forward you're always walking in the
track but in the cube across you
actually cross your feet like this